Application Purpose:
The purpose of this application is to provide a mock system for a medication facility(probably a Doctors office with a pharmacy within it),
 that can manage its doctors, patients, medications, and prescriptions. It can also manage stock though a restock function, and track if any prescriptions are out of date!

Classes:
Person - A superclass that was made so patient and doctor can inherit its info.
Patient - A subclass of person, that represents the patients, and has two arrays, one for medication and one for prescriptions. This class is mostly used to track what a patient is prescribed.

Doctor - A subclass of person, that represents the doctors, and it contains one array for their patients. This class was used to track what patients a doctor has, and what their specialization is.

Medication - A class that represents medication records, and provides the fields for the basic info of medication. This class is used for managing inventory and dealing with part of prescriptions.

Prescriptions - A class that represents prescriptions, that link doctors, patients, and medication. This class is used to track what medication a patient receives, and from what doctor it was prescribed from.

MedicationSystem - A class the was made to manage the operations within the application. It contains four arrays, one of patients, one of doctors, one of medication, and one of prescriptions. This class also had stuff that could go in other classes, just so the other 5 were kept as simple as possible.

Some of the things that this lets function are:
-restocking medication
-add/delete or edit info on doctors, patients, or medication
-generate reports to show info
-assign patients to doctors

MedicationSystemDemo - this class was made to show how the application works. It allows you to run various tests to ensure the application will function. This is only for testing the program, it doesn't add anything to the function of it.


How to run/access (brackets are not part of the commands, just to show start and end)
You can access this by cloning the repo with https://github.com/CubensisEchos/Mid-Term-Java-S3.

Then navigate to the folder it's in (cd Mid-Term-Java_S3)

Then you can compile it with (javac *.java)

Then you can run the demo with (java MedicationSystemDemo)



